release notes for js 1.22.0 updated (#5071)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/feature-flags.md

 - Add Gradle dependency-check plugin.
 - `ch.qos.logback:logback-classic` has been upgraded from 1.2.11 to 1.3.12. (FFM-10373)

### Javascript SDK

#### Version 1.22.0

>  - You can now update the cache key to be target and instance dependent. (FFM-10453)

Reviewer: This gives the impression that they have a choice.
```suggestion
- When using the `cache` option, the cache key is now based on target and instance to be more unique. (FFM-10453)
```
